                                                     WORKSHEET-1
                                                    DEEP LEARNING

1) b

2) a

3) c

4) a

5) a

6) c

7) b

8) a

9) a,b

10) b,d


11) Deep learning can be considered as a subset of machine learning. 
    It is a field that is based on learning and improving on its own 
    by examining computer algorithms. While machine learning uses simpler
    concepts, deep learning works with artificial neural networks, which 
    are designed to imitate how humans think and learn. Until recently, 
    neural networks were limited by computing power and thus were limited 
    in complexity. However, advancements in big data analytics have permitted
    larger, sophisticated neural networks, allowing computers to observe, learn, 
    and react to complex situations faster than humans. Deep learning has aided 
    image classification, language translation, speech recognition. It can be 
    used to solve any pattern recognition problem and without human intervention.

12) Reinforcement learning is an area of Machine Learning. It is about taking 
    suitable action to maximize reward in a particular situation. It is employed 
    by various software and machines to find the best possible behavior or path
    it should take in a specific situation. Reinforcement learning differs from 
    the supervised learning in a way that in supervised learning the training 
    data has the answer key with it so the model is trained with the correct 
    answer itself whereas in reinforcement learning, there is no answer but the 
    reinforcement agent decides what to do to perform the given task. 
    In the absence of a training dataset, it is bound to learn from its 
    experience.

13) Machine learning
    With machine learning, computer systems are programmed to learn from data 
    that is input without being continually reprogrammed. In other words, 
    they continuously improve their performance on a task—for example, playing
    a game—without additional help from a human. Machine learning is being used 
    in a wide range of fields: art, science, finance, healthcare—you name it. And 
    there are different ways of getting machines to learn. Some are simple, such 
    as a basic decision tree, and some are much more complex, involving multiple 
    layers of artificial neural networks. The latter happens in deep learning. 
    We’ll get to that more in a minute.

    Deep learning:
    Deep learning can be considered as a subset of machine learning. 
    It is a field that is based on learning and improving on its own 
    by examining computer algorithms. While machine learning uses simpler
    concepts, deep learning works with artificial neural networks, which 
    are designed to imitate how humans think and learn. Until recently, 
    neural networks were limited by computing power and thus were limited 
    in complexity. However, advancements in big data analytics have permitted
    larger, sophisticated neural networks, allowing computers to observe, learn, 
    and react to complex situations faster than humans. Deep learning has aided 
    image classification, language translation, speech recognition. It can be 
    used to solve any pattern recognition problem and without human intervention.

14) A perceptron is a neural network unit (an artificial neuron) that does 
    certain computations to detect features or business intelligence in the 
    input data.A Perceptron is an algorithm for supervised learning of binary
    classifiers. This algorithm enables neurons to learn and processes elements 
    in the training set one at a time.
    here are two types of Perceptrons: Single layer and Multilayer.
    Single layer Perceptrons can learn only linearly separable patterns.
    Multilayer Perceptrons or feedforward neural networks with two or more layers have the greater processing power.
    The Perceptron algorithm learns the weights for the input signals in order to draw a linear decision boundary.
    This enables you to distinguish between the two linearly separable classes +1 and -1.

15) Artificial Intelligence
    The word Artificial Intelligence comprises of two words “Artificial” and
   “Intelligence”. Artificial refers to something which is made by human or 
    non natural thing and Intelligence means ability to understand or think. 
    There is a misconception that Artificial Intelligence is a system, but it 
    is not a system .AI is implemented in the system. There can be so many 
    definition of AI, one definition can be “It is the study of how to train 
    the computers so that computers can do things which at present human can 
    do better.”Therefore It is a intelligence where we want to add all the 
    capabilities to machine that human contain.

   Machine learning
   Machine Learning is the learning in which machine can learn by its own 
   without being explicitly programmed. It is an application of AI that 
   provide system the ability to automatically learn and improve from 
   experience. Here we can generate a program by integrating input and 
   output of that program. One of the simple definition of the Machine 
   Learning is “Machine Learning is said to learn from experience E w.r.t 
   some class of task T and a performance measure P if learners performance 
   at the task in the class as measured by P improves with experiences.”

